RHDEVDOCS-4007 - fully modularize monitoring docs for Jupiter (#45891)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-configuring-persistent-storage.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/configuring-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="configuring_persistent_storage_{context}"]
= Configuring persistent storage

> Running cluster monitoring with persistent storage means that your metrics are stored to a persistent volume (PV) and can survive a pod being restarted or recreated. This is ideal if you require your metrics or alerting data to be guarded from data loss. For production environments, it is highly recommended to configure persistent storage. Because of the high IO demands, it is advantageous to use local storage.

Reviewer: `This` is a little vague for a subject of a sentence. What do you think of this rephrase? 

`This PV storage is ideal if you require your metrics or alerting data...`

Author: Those are good points, but this content is moved and not new, and so changing it is outside the scope of this PR. Leaving as-is

> Running cluster monitoring with persistent storage means that your metrics are stored to a persistent volume (PV) and can survive a pod being restarted or recreated. This is ideal if you require your metrics or alerting data to be guarded from data loss. For production environments, it is highly recommended to configure persistent storage. Because of the high IO demands, it is advantageous to use local storage.

Reviewer 2: Please review the "Claims and recommendations" section of the IBM Style Guide, in particular the subsection on "Product performance" which states 
```
Instead of writing that a certain utility "improves" performance, state that it
"can improve" performance or that it "is designed to improve" performance. Remember that performance testing does not reflect every customer environment.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running cluster monitoring with persistent storage means that your metrics are stored to a persistent volume (PV) and can survive a pod being restarted or recreated. This is ideal if you require your metrics or alerting data to be guarded from data loss. In production environments that have high IO demands, consider using persistent storage based on local volumes to improve performance.
```

[id="persistent-storage-prerequisites"]
== Persistent storage prerequisites

* Dedicate sufficient local persistent storage to ensure that the disk does not become full. How much storage you need depends on the number of pods.

> * Make sure you have a persistent volume (PV) ready to be claimed by the persistent volume claim (PVC), one PV for each replica. Because Prometheus has two replicas and Alertmanager has three replicas, you need five PVs to support the entire monitoring stack. The PVs should be available from the Local Storage Operator. This does not apply if you enable dynamically provisioned storage.

Reviewer: For the last sentence, what do you think of this reprhase:

`The PVs should be available from the Local Storage Operator; they are unavailable if you enable dynamically provisioned storage.` 

Basically, I think it flows better if it's one sentence, however that one sentence is worded.

Author: Good point, but this content is moved and not new, and so changing it is outside the scope of this PR. Leaving as-is
